filter_grep: grep with arithmetic operators (#810)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/filters/grep.md

The plugin supports the following configuration parameters:

| Key | Value Format | Record Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `Regex` | `KEY REGEX` | String | Keep records in which the content of `KEY` matches the regular expression. |
| `Exclude` | `KEY REGEX` | String | Exclude records in which the content of `KEY` matches the regular expression. |
| `number_equal` | `KEY NUMBER` | number | Keep records in which the content of `KEY` is equal to `NUMBER`. |

> | `number_not_equal` | `KEY NUMBER` | number | Keep records in which the content of `KEY` is not equal to `NUMBER`. |

Reviewer: @patrick-stephens I'm fixing this in the branch and pushing an update here to resolve this.

> | `number_not_equal` | `KEY NUMBER` | number | Keep records in which the content of `KEY` is not equal to `NUMBER`. |

Reviewer: Fixed.

| `number_less_than` | `KEY NUMBER` | number | Keep records in which the content of `KEY` is less than the `NUMBER`. |
| `number_less_than_or_equal` | `KEY NUMBER` | number | Keep records in which the content of `KEY` is less than or equal to `NUMBER`. |
| `number_greater_than` | `KEY NUMBER` | number | Keep records in which the content of `KEY` is greater than the `NUMBER`. |
| `number_greater_than_or_equal` | `KEY NUMBER` | number | Keep records in which the content of `KEY` is greater than or equal to `NUMBER`. |

> If you use the number compare parameters with a KEY that does not have a NUMBER as a value, it will be excluded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use the number compare parameters with a `KEY` that doesn't have a `NUMBER` as a value, it will be excluded.
```

| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `exclude`    | `KEY REGEX` | Exclude records where the content of `KEY` matches the regular expression. | _none_ |
| `logical_op` | `Operation` | Specify a logical operator: `AND`, `OR` or `legacy`. In `legacy` mode the behaviour is either `AND` or `OR` depending on whether the `grep` is including (uses `AND`) or excluding (uses `OR`). Available from 2.1 or higher. | `legacy` |
| `number_equal` | `KEY NUMBER` | number | Keep records in which the content of `KEY` is equal to `NUMBER`. |
| `number_not_equal` | `KEY NUMBER` | number | Keep records in which the content of `KEY` is not equal to `NUMBER`. |
| `number_less_than` | `KEY NUMBER` | number | Keep records in which the content of `KEY` is less than the `NUMBER`. |
| `number_less_than_or_equal` | `KEY NUMBER` | number | Keep records in which the content of `KEY` is less than or equal to `NUMBER`. |
| `number_greater_than` | `KEY NUMBER` | number | Keep records in which the content of `KEY` is greater than the `NUMBER`. |
| `number_greater_than_or_equal` | `KEY NUMBER` | number | Keep records in which the content of `KEY` is greater than or equal to `NUMBER`. |

> | `regex`      | `KEY REGEX` | Keep records where the content of `KEY` matches the regular expression. | _none_ |

Reviewer: fixing.

If you use the number compare parameters with a `KEY` that doesn't have a `NUMBER` as a value, it will be excluded.

If you use `REGEX` or `EXCLUDE` with a number, it will never match it.

> 

Reviewer: Fixing.
